docs(select): Adds documentation to React examples. (#9536)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Select/examples/Select.md

```

### Typeahead with create option
If a user enters a value into a typeahead select menu that does not exist, you can allow them to create an option of that value. 

To enable the creation ability, pass `value='create'` into a `<SelectOption>` component. Additionally, you should pass a button with an `onClick` event into the `<TextInputGroupUtilities>` component to display the creation prompt after a user enters a new value. You can use the `placeholder` property to change the default text shown in the text input.

The following example outlines the code implementation required to create a working typeahead menu that allows for creation.

```ts file="./SelectTypeaheadCreatable.tsx"

```

### Multiple typeahead with chips
A multiple typeahead can be used to allow users to select multiple options from a list. Selected items appear as chips in the select toggle.

When more items than the allowed limit are selected, overflowing items will be hidden under a "more" button. The following example hides items after more than 3 are selected. To show hidden items, select the “more” button. Select "show less" to hide extra items again.

```ts file="./SelectMultiTypeahead.tsx"

```

> ### Multiple typeahead with create option
> If the text that is entered into a typeahead doesn't match a menu item, users can choose to create a new option that matches the text input. Selecting the "create" option will also select the new item, which will appear as a chip in the toggle. 

Author: ```suggestion
### Multiple typeahead with create option

When a multiple typeahead offers users a create option, each item that a user creates will be selected and place a chip for each item into the select toggle.
```

```ts file="./SelectGrouped.tsx"

```

### Checkbox select
To let users select multiple list options via checkbox input, use a checkbox select. 

To create a checkbox select, pass `hasCheckbox` into each `<SelectOption>` component. To indicate that an option is selected, use the `isSelected` property.

By default, the menu toggle will display a badge to indicate the number of items that a user has selected.

```ts file="./SelectCheckbox.tsx"

```

### Typeahead
Typeahead is a select variant that replaces the typical button toggle for opening the select menu with a text input and button toggle combo. As a user enters characters into the text input, the select menu will provide suggestions by filtering the select options.

To make a typeahead, pass `variant=typeahead` into the `<MenuToggle>` component and link an `onClick` function to the `<TextInputGroupMain>` component.

```ts file="./SelectTypeahead.tsx"

```

### Typeahead with create option
If a user enters a value into a typeahead select menu that does not exist, you can allow them to create an option of that value. 

> To enable the creation ability, pass `value='create'` into a `<SelectOption>` component. Additionally, you should pass a button with an `onClick` event into the `<TextInputGroupUtilities>` component to display the creation prompt after a user enters a new value. You can use the `placeholder` property to change the default text shown in the text input.

Reviewer: I think something along the lines of "pass a predetermined value into a SelectOption component that does not conflict with your data, in this example "create"" would fit better. The value itself is arbitrary, it just serves to distinguish the option from others in the list.

The following example outlines the code implementation required to create a working typeahead menu that allows for creation.

```ts file="./SelectTypeaheadCreatable.tsx"

```

### Multiple typeahead with chips

> A multiple typeahead can be used to allow users to select multiple options from a list. Selected items appear as chips in the select toggle.

Reviewer: +1

When more items than the allowed limit are selected, overflowing items will be hidden under a "more" button. The following example hides items after more than 3 are selected. To show hidden items, select the “more” button. Select "show less" to hide extra items again.

```ts file="./SelectMultiTypeahead.tsx"

```

### Multiple typeahead with create option

> When a multiple typeahead offers users a create option, each item that a user creates will be selected and place a chip for each item into the select toggle.

Author: ```suggestion
When a multiple typeahead offers users a create option, each item that a user creates will be selected. A chip will be placed in the select toggle for each item that is created and selected.
```

> When a multiple typeahead offers users a create option, each item that a user creates will be selected. A chip will be placed in the select toggle for each item that is created and selected.

Reviewer: +1

```ts file="./SelectMultiTypeaheadCreatable.tsx"

```

### Multiple typeahead with checkboxes
By default, a multiple typeahead select allows you to select multiple menu items, placing a checkmark beside selected items. Like basic checkbox select menus, you can add checkboxes to your menu items. This approach may be more accurate and comprehensive for menu scenarios, like filtering.

```ts file="./SelectMultiTypeaheadCheckbox.tsx"

```

### With view more 

To reduce the processing load for long select lists, replace overflow items with a "View more" link at the bottom of the select menu.

> You can adjust the number of items shown above the "View more" link as needed. The following example passes 3 items into this property.

Reviewer 2: Wondering if we should mention that the consumer needs to manually create a `<SelectOption>` that acts as a "view more" action, like "To reduce the processing load for long select lists, you can create a `<SelectOption>` as a "view more" action that will render additional options." Depends whether you think we need to outright mention the use of the SelectOption, though; if not then what you have here is good.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to get too verbose in the implementation details but I do think calling out something like "use a "View more" link to load additional chunks of select options" would be helpful.

The last sentence is a little confusing to be because it refers to the example implementation rather than a select property. Maybe something like "The following example shows 3 items before the "View more" link.", or combine with the previous sentence?

Reviewer: I don't think we need to go too much into the implementation details, but a callout that the view more link serves to load additional chunks of select options would be helpful to have (over just referring to an overflow).

The last sentence is a little confusing because it's referencing the example implementation rather than a Select property, so I think it could be rephrased or combined with the previous sentence like "The following example shows 3 options before the "View more" link."
